# vim:set ts=8 sw=4 sts=4 et:

fbpager.alpha:                  40
fbpager.x: 0
fbpager.y: 0
fbpager.workspace.width:        19
fbpager.workspace.height:       19
fbpager.workspacesPerRow:       8
fbpager.changeWorkspaceButton:  1
fbpager.prevWorkspaceButton:    4
fbpager.nextWorkspaceButton:    5
fbpager.icons:                  false
fbpager.color:                  black
fbpager.backgroundColor:        black
fbpager.currentBackgroundColor: white
fbpager.windowColor:            white
fbpager.focusedWindowColor:     lightblue
fbpager.windowBorderColor:      black
fbpager.windowBorderWidth:      1

# Features not implemented yet?
fbpager.layer:                  Dock
fbpager.moveInWorkspaceButton:  0
fbpager.dragToWorkspaceButton:  0
fbpager.followDrag:             false
fbpager.followMove:             false
fbpager.raiseWindowButton: 2
fbpager.lowerWindowButton: 3
fbpager.closeWindowButton: 3 3 1
fbpager.exitButton: 1 3 3
fbpager.align: LeftToRight
fbpager.multiClickTime: 250
